What is an XSS attack? Make an example.
What is a CSRF attack? How is it different from an XSS attack? Make an example.
Javascript variables hoisting meaning.
Difference between var, let and const.
Difference between localStorage and sessionStorage.
How to reduce loading time of http page?
How browser caching works in the front-end?
DIfference between SOAP and REST protocols.
Difference between REST and GRAPHQL.
What are the components of a CSS box model?
What’s the difference between a class selector and id selector in CSS?
What are the data types in Javascript (primitive, non primitive)?
What are Symbols variables in Javascript?
What does it mean that a variable is immutable in Javascript?
What is the DOM?
What is the “this” keyword in Javascript?
What is a CDN and what’s the advantage of using it?
What’s the difference between cookies and local storage?
How to prevent bots scraping of your public API?
What’s the Virtual DOM in React?
What’s the State Management in Rect?
What are hooks in  React and what are the most common?
Explain the component lifecycle in React.
How does the Context API work in React?
How can you optimize a React application?
What is a higher-order component in React?
How do you handle forms in React?
How does Redux work in React?
Whats is Node JS?
What is ExpressJS?
Explain the difference between asynchronous and synchronous programming
What’s the purpose of the package.json file?
What makes an API Restful and what’s an example of non-RESTful API?
What is content negotiation in the API consuming context?
What’s the difference between SQL and no-SQL databases and when to use each of them?
What are the SOLID principles in programming?
What are microservices and what are their advantages and disadvantages?
What’s Inversion of Control and dependency injection in Spring Boot?
Is CSS rendered before or after building the DOM?
HTML is rendered incrementally in the DOM. Is it the same for CSS?
What is a closure in Javascript?
What are debouncing and throttling in the context of Javascript functions?
What is the microtask que in Javascript?
What’s the event loop tick? Describe all the events that happen in one of them.
What are the two rules of hooks in React?
What can you do with class components that you can not do with function components?
Why can't you use async functions inside useEffect hooks?
Explain all the ways to optimize re-rendering in React?
What is rehydration in React?
What are three ways two sibling components can share state in React?
Name three disadvantages of using global state in React
Can you explain how React context works? Tell me one disadvantage of using it.
What are five techniques to make a React front-end application faster?
What are the Web Core Vitals? What would be the most affected by slow re-renders?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of server-side rendering?
What is a micro front-end? What are the challenges of implementing it?
What are CSS selectors? Can you name a few types?
How would you handle user authentication in a full-stack web application?
What are environment variables, and how are they used?
Explain the concept of responsive design. How would you implement it?
What is the difference between Flexbox and CSS Grid?
What is middleware in the context of Node.js and Express?
How do you manage asynchronous code in JavaScript?
What is Ajax and how is it commonly implemented in a Front-end application?
Explain the purpose of a version control system and Git workflow.
What are WebSockets, and how do they differ from HTTP requests?
Describe the concept of MVC architecture.
What is a build tool, and what is its purpose in deploying a web application?
How would you implement server-side rendering in a modern React app?
What is code splitting, and how does it improve performance?
Explain how to handle memory leaks in frontend applications
How do you manage having different languages in your website (frontend and backend side)?
Explain how you would design and implement a microservices architecture.
How does the HTTPS secure protocol work (Describe what happens in the browser to secure data)?
What are some strategies to ensure high availability and scalability of your application?
How do you handle security vulnerabilities such as SQL injection and XSS?
Explain how CI/CD pipelines work and tools used to implement them.
What is event-driven architecture, and when would you use it?
Explain what Design Patterns are and make some example of them.
Explain the meaning of the CAP Theorem.
Explain the ACID properties in the context of Database transactions?
